the polaroid 250 land camera and like my
Vanna White skills Polaroid 250 camera
um so how you open it opens just like
this and as many of you know the
Polaroid has stopped making this would
take 669 film color slide them but fuji
has made um I think I used PF no boxes
but it's mom Fuji color slide yeah PF
100 is oh um so this is camera that my
professor emerita goody let me borrow to
see if it would work with the Fuji film
to shoot um I think we're gonna do some
Polaroid transfers but how you open it
is you just pull on this number one
there it is number one I'm going to pull
there and then this part
and I usually have its left wholeness
surface okay so this right here going to
slip up you're going to pull this and
then this is going to just come out and
lock just like that so then you look
through the viewfinder on the back on
your film is in this pack in the back um
and it works it um this so this is what
I've been playing with today now to
clean it and everything and like clean
the rollers and all the rollers work now
well there's only one roller but um it
is awesome and i love it and i wish i
could keep it but again so um anyway
there's your shutter button you comp the
shutter right here too and then go and
you take your image and you pull it out
of yep pull it out right here see that
little white tab it's so people and you
let your image develop and then you have
a color Polaroid which you can do
Polaroid transfers with and to close
this anybody has one of these and
they're like oh my god how do I open it
and how do I close it because it was so
simple to figure I mean not to figure
out but it was so simple to do it we
just couldn't figure it out you pull the
number one open it and then you lightly
tap on the top right here
like that and that it's going to close
it then you just don't always forget
this little part flip that down close it
up throw it on your arm well don't throw
it and you're ready to go go take
pictures shhh